when gustav eiffel was designing his
famous tower in paris
he added a secret apartment for himself
right on top of it
visitors to the third level can now take
a glimpse of the apartment through a
small window
it has wax figures of eiffel himself his
daughter claire
and thomas edison who is one of the
lucky fellows who got to see it in
eiffel's time
there are also secret apartments on the
other side of the atlantic
in the new york public libraries they're
meant for the library superintendents
and their families
they used to live cook meals take
showers and do other regular things
in the schwartzman building on fifth
avenue they also had a cool bonus of
walking the library
rooms at night daughter of the first
superintendent
john fedeler was even born in there
a whole maze of tunnels called the
hypogeum
is hidden under rome's coliseum back in
the day
when it was an arena the chambers and
the tunnels were used to house
gladiators
the equipment for special effects and
giant cages with animals
elephants leopards panthers and bears oh
my
starting from 2010 tourists have been
allowed to get a tour of the maze
disney's magic kingdom in florida has
its own maze of color-coded tunnels
for way less sinister purposes it's a
whole
city used by cast members to keep the
magic alive
this is where they dress up have lunch
rehearse
and move from one land to another
without kids spotting them
to make it all possible construction
workers had to dig
8 million tons of earth to put the
entire park on an elevation
and build the tunnels on ground level
if you're ever lucky enough to visit the
basement of the white house
under the north portico you'll find some
unexpected places
the carpenter's shop is where the
equipment and furniture of the white
house gets renovated
the flower shop makes and takes care of
flower arrangements for different rooms
in the house
and centerpieces for events there is
also a dental surgery
and a one lane bowling alley
behind the mist and water of niagara
falls sits a limestone
cave of the evil spirits it has a
sinister history
involving famous french explorer lasalle
according to the legend a voice told him
to leave the area in the iroquois
language
when he didn't listen his life turned
into one huge
misfortune the cave is still producing
scary groaning sounds today
next time you're waiting for your
departure at grand central terminal
remember you can play some tennis at the
vanderbilt luxury tennis club
it's in the annex on the fourth floor
which used to be an art gallery
a tv studio for cbs and even an indoor
ski slope
covered with artificial grass now there
are two tennis courts
two practice lanes and a fitness room in
there
a basketball court nicknamed the highest
court in the land
is located just above the courtroom on
the fifth floor of the united states
supreme court building in washington dc
it was used as a room for journalists up
until the 1940s
when it was turned into a workout room
it's not open to the general public
but clerks off-duty police officers and
other
supreme court employees like to play
here between court sessions
there is a hall of records hidden behind
president
abraham lincoln's face at mount rushmore
the monument sculptor gutson borglum
wanted to put it there to make it
forever significant
years after he passed away the room got
porcelain enamel panels
with the words to the us constitution
the bill of rights
and the declaration of independence and
explanations why these very presidents
were chosen for the monument
if you ever make it to florence italy go
check out an
unmarked door on the first floor of the
uvc gallery
it opens into the visery corridor built
in the 16th century
and connecting the gallery to pity
palace to build it
architect visery had to go through
several medieval towers and even
people's homes
one family objected so the corridor had
to go around their tower
you can now see 16th and 17th centuries
art
inside the corridor
[Music]
new york city's iconic waldorf astoria
hotel
stands atop the mysterious abandoned
track 61.
there is a locked door on 49th street
and a private elevator leading there
vips like presidents and celebrities
used it to enter the hotel
unnoticed by the public there's still a
train car at the station
there are no official tours going there
but now that you know of it
you can spot the station out of the
window on some metro north trains to
your ride
the sydney opera house was opened by
queen elizabeth ii herself in 1973
it has venues for opera ballet classical
and modern music and dance
and an added bonus of a nightclub called
the studio
fitting 300 people it plays underground
music
and hosts contemporary music festivals
featuring famous rappers
the smallest police station in great
britain used to be located in a lamp
post
right in trafalgar square it was put
there in 1926 to accommodate one police
officer
who'd secretly watch over strike
activists they say it even had a phone
line to call scotland yard
the place is now used as a cleaning
closet
one of the most famous sites of new york
has an extra floor
not so many people know about mostly
celebrities and engineers have access to
floor
103 of the empire state building
they get there through a hidden stairway
and the view is perfectly
unobstructed as there is just a
knee-high ledge
with a railing the amazon rain forest in
brazil
is a secret home to more tribes
completely disconnected from the rest of
the world than
any other place there are over 100 of
those groups that have a dramatic
history of encounters with outsiders
whenever a stranger approaches they use
arrows
clubs and other things to protect
themselves
or simply hide behind the trees
a few years ago scientists found a
mysterious void
above the grand gallery of egypt's great
pyramid of giza
they still don't know exactly how large
the void is
because they can't go in or use usual
research methods
not to destroy a tiny bit of the pyramid
only super sensitive detectors are used
on it from the outside
the researchers are guessing it could
have served as another gallery
or a construction ramp
[Music]
a giant statue of leonardo da vinci has
been welcoming visitors to rome
at fiomoccino airport since 1960.
46 years after its opening the statue
was going through renovation
one of the workers found a little hatch
in the middle of it
there were two parchments inside still
perfectly preserved
take your binoculars with you and maybe
you can spot them from the plane the
next time you're there
roxy suite is located in one of new
york's prime locations
on the fifth floor above the stage of
radio city music hall
it was named after a vaudeville producer
who wanted to have his own apartment in
the theater itself
back in 1932. you can take a good look
at it during the stage door tour
or rent it as long as you have some good
spare money
saint mark's basilica in venice is so
majestic on the outside
you'd hardly want to look underground if
you do though
you'll find a well-preserved mysterious
11th century
crypt a lot's happened to it in all this
time it used to be sealed because of
floods
there's still water inside it now which
looks like a mirror pool
it's pretty tricky but not impossible to
get a tour of it
abraham lincoln memorial is sitting on a
marble throne
on top of a three-story basement
engineers building the monument
set concrete columns in there to support
the construction
by the time it was discovered in 1975
during renovation
the basement had turned into a legit
cave with stalactites and an ecosystem
they also found some graffiti from 1914
down there
the room will likely be turned into
retail space
and visitors will be able to see all the
underground findings safely
if you ask google to give you directions
to little compton street
it shows just one spot that looks like a
mistake
in reality the street is completely
hidden under charring cross road
the street level used to be way lower
where the basements are today
it was raised in the late 19th century
and an office block was set on top of
little compton street
you can still see two road signs showing
where it was